N34: lightingtalk (#1039)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/034/index.md

[bevy-materials-playlist]: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLT_D88-MTFOMNRPAC-62Hz096aIjT4Noy
[matthew-bryant-youtube]: https://youtube.com/channel/UC7v3YEDa603x_84PgCPytzA

### [Kubecon 2022, Lightning Talk: Wasmcloud + Bevy ECS][Lightning-Talk-schedule]

![A picture of speakers](./lightingtalk.jpeg)

[QQparty][alanpoon-qqparty] is a serverless multiplayer game built with Bevy ECS
and [Wasmcloud][wasmcloud_website].

> This month [@rustropy_gaming][alanpoon_twitter] joined Cosmonic to give
> a series of Wasmcloud talks in Kubecon 2022 VLC:
> [YouTube recording][Lightning-Talk-youtube], [slides][Lightning-Talk-pdf].
> 
> Bevy can be added into Wasmcloud's actor as serverless game server.
> 
> Check out Twitter [@rustropy_gaming][alanpoon_twitter]
> for announcement of QQparty going live.
> 
> Deploying multiplayer game servers may be cheap in the future.

Reviewer: Some suggested tweaks to make the text flow better:

```suggestion
This month, [@rustropy_gaming][alanpoon_twitter] joined Cosmonic to give
a series of Wasmcloud talks in Kubecon 2022 VLC. They demonstrated
how Bevy can be added into Wasmcloud's actors as a serverless
game server.

You can check out a recording of the talk on [YouTube][Lightning-Talk-youtube],
as well as viewing the [slides][Lightning-Talk-pdf]. For updates on QQparty,
follow [@rustropy_gaming][alanpoon_twitter] on Twitter!
```

Reviewer 2: Nice! @alanpoon are you ok with the changes?

Author: Yes. Thanks.
